So and that you put out a couple of great pieces of content over the last few months such as the ego
bait the SlideShare the info graphic as we discussed what you want to do now is solidify your position
as a top leader in this space and a great way to do this is to publish a guest post on one of your key
influencers blogs.
So this is a fantastic way to foster powerful relationships with those key influencers and also get
your brand in front of their audience.
And then finally also just build direct links from high authority sites and that are rather mature in
each.
Back to your site.
So the way I'm going to show you how to do this is really just by looking at a very successful example
.
So here we are on smart passive income dot.com.
This is a blog by poplin and it covers generally how to make passive income online.
And so what this page is here is a guest post from Brian Deane from battling co dot com one of the top
guys in a CEO on the site is really focused on ASIO's he can see ahead his guest post is complementary
.
Her pants audience because pothooks more generally hates make money online.
And then Brian Deans come in with actually very detailed specific information on his CEO.
So you can see how that complements there and why he probably agreed to have this guest post.
Secondly Walt was very smartly done here is that this is actually an updated post of a post that was
written before so this is a great example of modeling success.
TUFFIN wrote an article How to you know back kinking strategy.
I was back in 2010 but obviously a lot of the strategies are out of date so grindy comes in building
on something that's already been successful.
Modeling it and updating it so he's really doing kind of favor thereby updating that already.
Great information for his own audience.
So we haven't looked through the article here we can see that very early on.
There is a need to follow buckling straight back to back Glynco using the run names so that's really
in terms of building links a very powerful one there and throughout the article then and there's more
things as well.
But I think Waban Brian Deane does well in this as well is he takes examples from heartfully inside
himself smart passive income.
And he presents that as he can see something at the angry text here.
He presents some as good examples to Pott's audience so he's really reinforcing how good a job that
part is doing.
And then he also believes in references to himself etc..
So that's really it.
I mean I just think this is a really good example of you know a complementary guest posts on one that
also is modeling success and something that worked previously and also got some good links so let's
just finally look at the actual stats on it.
So 174 links what a huge amount of Facebook activity Twitter activity Google Plus so successful in terms
of social building in terms of brand building.
And in terms of building powerful relationships that's really the right way to do guest blogging.
You may have heard about some negative things that I was posting and but that's really where you say
paying and a lot of different blogs to just post your articles on that's a lot more spammy as you can
see here this is very strategic and extremely powerful.
As soon as so that's kind of the capstone on maybe the last six months of activity and a way to reinforce
and build new relationships.